Our program is written based on a Trimming function, Inserting function, printList function, and freeList funciton. Our data structure of choise is the Single Linked List. Each Node in our Linked list has a string variable which is an array of chars. Each node also has a reference to either NULL or an existing node. 

Starting in the main function, we first check that exactly 2 arguments are sent to the stringsorter program. If the number of arguments is not exactly 2, then we print out a message and terminate the program. Otherwise, we continue to record the string length of the second argument. We malloc the exact number of chars needed to store the 2nd argument with the string length. Now that we have saved the 2nd argument appropiately into a string variable, we can use the Trim function. In the Trim Function we pass our string variable, which then turns all non-alphabetical letters in the string into white spaces. Now our string consists of only alphabetic characters and white spaces. Trim returns the altered input string back to the main function. We are back in the main function. Now each word is parsed out of the input string. Alphabetic characters are saved in a seperate string until a white space is found. This done with only one line using string tokenizer. We tokenize our input string muliple times with a while loop until the parsed string is NULL. We exist the while loop when all words have been dealt with. Once the white space is found, the word is parsed and sent into the Insert function, which is also called in the while loop. The Insert function recieves the root node and parsed string as parameters. Insert evaluates an existing linked list via the root node and compares each node's string value with the current word string we would like to insert in lexographic order. In short, Insert creates a new node for the new word being added, sorts the new node to its currect position in the list, and stores it through referenes that keep the list in tact. While we insert each word into the link list, we compare the inserted word with those nodes that have been placed in the link list. If the word is bigger than the string carried by the current node in the link list, we move the pointer to the next node. Otherwise, we insert the word in front of the pointer, which is smaller than the current pointer. The Insert function returns the root node to the main function. Finally, we print the whole sorted link list out via the printList function. The printList func recieves a root node as a parameter and prints out the string of each node in order until the end of the list is reached. We then call on our freeList functino to free all the memory being used by the Linked List. The input string is also freed. It then returns 0.
